

TODO
*****Klart
    WINDOW
    Crate a Basic Window
    Add Buttons
    Add Button functionality
    Make the window draggable
    TASKBAR
    Create Clickable Icons
    Fix Bug when i close the last window
****Inte Klart
   Give the chat message a different color if the user entered the message
   Add window top collision for the windows. So that the windows collides with the info-bar
   Add focus for the memory game
   Add emoji
   Change Desktop
   Change Ball speed variable
   Change Pong Function Names from private to public




    

    
    

REQUIREMENTS
Desktop
        The application should be a single page application.
        The user shall be able to open multiple windows within the application
        The window with focus shall be on top of all other windows.
Taskbar
        The user shall be able to open and close new windows
        of the desired application by clicking or double clicking an icon at the desktop.
Window
        The icon used to open the window should be represented in the upper bar of the window.
        The user shall be able to drag and move the windows in the document.
        Windows should get focus when clicked/dragged.
Apps
    Memory Game
        The user should be able to open and play multiple memory games simultaneously.
        The user should be able to play the game using only the keyboard.
        One, by you decided, extended feature.
    Chat App
        The chat application shall be connected to other students' chats via a WebSocket server.
        The user should be able to have several chat applications running at the same time.
        When the user opens the application for the first time the user should be asked to write his/her username.
        The username should remain the same the next time the user starts a chat application or the PWD is restarted.
        The user should be able to send chat messages using a plain-text editing control.
        The user should be able to see at least the 20 latest messages since the chat applications was opened.
        One, by you decided, extended feature.
    Something App
        Something..Something..
    

